update docs according Busola UI (#12174)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/03-tutorials/00-serverless/svls-03-expose-function.md

2. In the left navigation panel, go to **Workloads** > **Functions** and select the Function you want to expose.

3. Switch to the **Configuration** tab and select **Expose Function** in the APIRules section.

4. In the **General settings** section of the dialog box, enter the following information:

    - The APIRule's **Name** matching the Function's name.

    >**NOTE:** The APIRule CR can have a name different from that of the Function, but it is recommended that all related resources share a common name.

    - **Subdomain** to determine the host on which you want to expose your Function.

5. In the **Access strategies** section, select the `noop` handler from the drop-down list and leave the default settings with the `GET`, `POST`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, `DELETE`, and `HEAD` methods.

> 6. Select **Create** to confirm changes. The pop-up box with the form will close.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Select **Create** to confirm changes. The dialog box with the form will close.
```

Author: thanks for spotting this! ❤️

7. Check if you can access the Function by selecting the HTTPS link under the **Host** column for the newly created APIRule.

>     >**CAUTION:** If you have a Minikube cluster, you must first add its IP address mapped to the hostname of the exposed Kubernetes Service to the `hosts` file on your machine.

Reviewer: Please remove it or change for k3d steps if needed.

Author: removed the section

> <!-- Minikube?? -->

Reviewer: We should use k3d for Kyma 2.0 instead of Minikube.

Author: removed the section
